 Education and knowledge of all kinds will be very beneficial for you. Work hard at one thing at a time, and don't try to accomplish too many things in a given time. Act as you think best, and don't permit anyone to run your affairs. By attending strictly to your own business, and not meddling or interfering with the affairs of others, you will become very successful. At times you are liable to become blue and depressed. Really there is no cause for any Capricorn person to ever feel dejected or disheartened, as everything good in the Universe is attracted to this sign. By being kind, gentle, noble and generous you will become very magnetic and charming and people will love you, especially those of the opposite sex. You also have wonderful hypnotic powers which can be brought to a very high degree of development by always being patient and never allowing yourself to become angry or to feel envious or jealous of others. Both your magnetic and hypnotic powers will lead you to wealth and success. Be careful of your money, and don't try to help others too much. Always keep well informed of the progress of the world and keep your mind open, broad and tolerant, respecting the opinion of others even if you don't believe in them. Always put your whole heart, soul and energy into everything you undertake, no matter if the undertaking is a small one. I know your nature is to do large and great things, and that is all right; but ever remember if you do the smallest thing in the world successfully it will put you in a position to do something better and greater. All Capricorn people ought to have a good business education, and should ever strive to acquire and save money. I don't mean to be stingy, mean or penurious about money matters, because no one in this great and wonderful age will be much of a success who is not liberal and broad-minded with respect to money matters. The women of this sign are very sensible, practical and lovable; they make excellent wives, managers of homes and housekeepers of large institutions. Music to you is very beneficial. Some excellent singers, musicians, actors and actresses come out of this sign. Enjoy yourself all you can in a rational and sensible way, such as attending social gatherings, entertainments, concerts, lectures and public meetings. Be moderate and temperate in all you do, and your success and happiness is assured. Never doubt your ability to amass money in any line of work which you really love; it is foolish for you to engage in work that is utterly distasteful to you, and in which you cannot willingly put your whole heart, head and soul. Ever remember that while wealth is a great thing to have there are other equally as great things for you to acquire, viz., perfect health, and a thorough cultivation of your mind and higher nature. Don't be proud, arrogant or dictatorial; remember we are all of one family and that we are all God's children. It is difficult to get Capricorn people to give much time to the cultivation of the spiritual side of their natures; yet, when once aroused in this respect they often become enthusiastic and earnest workers in religious causes. Right here I desire to state that it will be well for you to remember that without any exception every great and true man and woman in all history was a lover of God and obeyed the Divine Law. You may question this, but look into the matter fairly, deeply and honestly and you will find my statement is the absolute truth. Avoid being skeptical or pessimistic; don't talk too much, but be a good listener. You can become a very good and useful citizen by holding in your mind high and noble thoughts, and keeping well balanced. When a Capricorn person can fully control their mind so that he or she will not be angry, and free from worry or anxiety, there is no telling how wonderful they will become in their achievements. By often silently thinking and meditating on life and its meaning and the beautiful and higher things in life you will draw to you the Life forces of the Universe and all the good planetary and solar forces of your sign which will bring you to the greatest success and complete and perfect happiness. A study of occult science, philosophy and metaphysical works would be of untold advantage to you. Many of the greatest men and women in the world were born in your sign. This planet's attraction for you is very strong, and you must be very careful to control all your appetites, passions and desires with an iron will, which you possess and can use, if you see fit to do so. There is scarcely any limit to your powers if you only will exercise your wonderful will intelligently. A happy marriage is essential to the success and happiness of Capricorn people of both sexes. In India the Yogic astrologers say to you people, get married and follow the Divine command by raising a family of children. We also are very strict in our advice to Capricorn people, that they must love their fellowmen and do unto all as they would be done by. The Golden Rule has been practised in India for thousands of years before the Christian Era. Your sign is governed by Saturn, and you are continually surrounded by planetary forces and solar fluids which can help you. Now, dear friend, be guided by what I say, as I love you dearly and wish to see you make your life a grand success. You can read every word in this book many times to great advantage. A Capricorn person is very foolish to ever doubt his or her ability to succeed.

This sign is governed by Saturn, and the gems are white onyx and moonstone. The astral colors are garnet, brown, silver-gray and black.

The diseases that you are most likely to suffer from are indigestion and melancholia. You are also given to over-work, because of your determination to succeed in whatever you undertake. Your best companions are those born in Taurus, Virgo and Libra, also those born in your own sign

If your first breath was drawn when one sign was taking the place of another, you will partake of the characteristics of both signs. Hence you belong to the Cusp. The residence in a sign consists of six days; any time less endows one with some of the qualities of the preceding sign.

Your strength and power lies wholly within your own hands, and it is very important that you so think and live as to bring out your great possibilities. You must not rely on your friends for help, but must be thoroughly self-reliant, self-supporting and independent. But you should rely on and pay great attention to the teachings and writings of good and great men and women, who are striving to help mankind. You have days of great happiness and days of great misery, and you must learn how to avoid these blue spells and have all of your days bright and happy. This can be done by your understanding once and for all time that you are possessed of unusual powers and abilities; but, if you are lazy and blue you cannot use these powers. Wake up, then, and by your will throw off all doubts of your ability to make a grand success of life. When you do this then will come to you great health and wealth, and your rare and natural talents will be amply rewarded. You have wonderful magnetic and hypnotic powers, which you can develop to a very high degree by keeping quiet and calm and free from all worry. As a matter of fact your planetary and solar forces will carry you through any and all sickness or trouble if you will only remain quiet and give them a chance to work. But the very moment you begin to doubt, fret or worry about any good thing coming to you these forces cannot work. Work, and lots of it, is what you require, and you will not amount to a great deal until you keep fully occupied in some line of work which you have a taste or inclination for. You must not be proud or vain, or think too much of yourself. If you do you will not be as charming as you could by being quiet and modest. Persons born in your sign have no reason whatever to idly sit about deploring their misfortunes or inability to succeed, for, I tell you, positively, you can succeed far beyond your fondest expectations, if you will go about it as directed here and elsewhere in this book. Read this book carefully and thoughtfully many times when, you are calm and quiet; its teachings can direct you to all you desire. People of your sign who worry and fret and become discouraged surround themselves with the repelling forces of the Universe, which will cause their friends and acquaintances to dislike them; indeed, they drive people from them who could be of great assistance, when in moody or blue fits. Don't live in the senses too much. Remember you are not here to eat, drink and be merry all the time. Realize that you have duties to perform; that God intends each one of His children to do certain work, reap the reward and be cheerful and happy. Don't be afraid or timid or halfhearted in your undertakings, whether it is in amassing money, making love or acquiring knowledge. Whatever you attempt to do or desire to become will be accomplished, providing you have full faith in your ability to succeed. You ought to read a great deal--of newspapers, magazines and books. Reading the lives of successful men and women will help you wonderfully. Don't care what people think or say about your actions. Be good and honest and do the very best you can without fear of criticism or without caring what your friends will think about it. Forge ahead, with strong will, and grim determination to succeed, and your success will be assured. Don't talk at all with your friends about the great things you intend doing; keep a closed mouth and quietly and intently go about doing your work or carrying out your plans, and then you will succeed. All this advice will apply to social achievements, business success or love affairs, and is written for both sexes. You can succeed in anything you undertake when once you understand or realize that you must have no fears or doubts about your ability to succeed. Always be careful to think alone over a project, an undertaking or selection of a calling, and after cool and careful thought, if you arrive at a conclusion just what you want to do, go about it, without consulting anyone, fully determined you will succeed. Economy and strict application to business is the foundation of all wealth. Pay as you go and keep out of debt. Debt weakens and makes an arrant coward of one born in your sign. Attention to religion and philosophy will be very beneficial to you. Try to feel and realize that there is a Great and Good God back of everything you see; that this world, this Universe, You, did not happen by chance. When aroused to Spiritual or Divine truths the Aquarius people are marvelous beings. In India, the Yogis, who are the most wonderful people in the world, give their whole lives to worship and the service of God; they are mighty workers and do a great amount of good. We say to you of the Aquarius sign have faith and hope, be cheerful and happy, and then the good forces, which are the unseen powers, will all work for your good. The Devas (angels), of which there are countless numbers, will begin to help you just as soon as you have a sincere desire to be a good or great person. Understand, your great help can come from yourself, and when you arouse your will and spirit these unseen forces and powers will be at hand to guide and help you. Either sex of this sign ought to make a happy marriage and surround their home with children.

By knowing and correcting our faults we become great. Strenuously strive to go onward, forward and upward; be progressive; don't lag at the tail end of the procession, but be at the head. Cast out of your mind forever all fear, doubt, lack of hope, and thoughts of failure, and your life will be bright and happy.

First you must understand that your realm is the kingdom of the soul; that you must ever strive to live a clean, pure life, be kind, gentle and loving to all beings, especially animals. The world always needs loving people, and it always amply rewards them with all the good things of the world. You can help others and by doing so will help yourself. The most successful men and women in this world are those who are charming, magnetic and hypnotic, and the only way to get these wonderful powers in their highest degree is for you to always think well of everyone, to wish everyone in the world success and happiness and never in the slightest way have any feelings of anger, jealousy or envy. The very best of us at times are apt to have these bad thoughts enter our minds, but with patience and practice we can learn to throw such bad and weakening thoughts out of the mind and put in their place higher and better thoughts. Now, this is what you must ever strive to do, and then you will attract powers and forces which will make every being dearly love you, especially the opposite sex. The world will never love or serve a low-minded man or woman. You must always aspire to be great and good, and distinctly understand that if you are good, honest, just and true, you will do a great amount of good in the world and reap the richest awards. By letting your higher or best nature dominate your lower nature you will draw to you anything you desire. Great health, prosperity and happiness is yours if you will only be true to yourself. Many fine musicians, artists, art critics, poets, writers and lecturers come out of this sign. Pisces people also naturally have good judgment and discriminating powers, which place them in high positions of trust and responsibility, and we find among them, private secretaries, stenographers, bookkeepers, cashiers and treasurers. Always avoid anything that is low, vulgar, coarse or common. Spend a great deal of your time in reading poetry, history, biography and other good and elevating literature. Listening to much music will be very beneficial to your health and also in developing latent forces within you. I would also advise you to give time to outdoor exercise, especially in the fields and woods, where you can observe nature. Associate all you can with quiet, calm and thoughtful persons, and be alone with good thoughts some time each day. If you have a tendency to talk about yourself, stop it; no one loves an egotist. At times you may feel that all the world is against you, but I say positively that this is bad thinking and is not true; for, as a general thing, all the world loves a Pisces person, especially when they have cultivated the higher nature. You are really a very powerful person, and you can increase your force and powers by always being patient, calm and cheerful. God has endowed you with great natural gifts, and you must realize this fact, and then you will be very successful and very happy. Be broad, liberal and tolerant, and never think falsely, such as, for instance, that any one religion is the only true one. God, in His great wisdom, manifests Himself in many ways and through many religions and many sects. Therefore, I say, with divine knowledge and wisdom, that all religions are good for man. This is the age of tolerance and liberality. Dogmas and Creeds keep one in bondage.

Fretting, worrying, anxiety and impatience are your faults at times, and if you want health, wealth and happiness, it will be necessary for you to stop this sort of thing at once, and for all time. Morbid and gloomy feelings will only keep you down and cause untold suffering and agony of mind. If you are inclined to be blue, dejected or depressed, go off in a quiet spot all alone, and silently and earnestly pray to God for Light, Love and Direction, and your prayers will be immediately answered--immediate relief will come to you. People of your sign reach their highest achievement and greatest happiness when they learn to place all their trust and hope in the Blessed One--God--Good. He is the All in All and All Love, and is always ready to help us if we will only give Him a chance to do so.

Don't be obstinate or stubborn or unreasonable, as this attitude of mind will make you suffer from painful nervousness, melancholy and despondency. The Pisces people must be very careful to not allow their minds to dwell on one thing too much, and therefore ought to have diversified employments. Another thing, you must curb all foolish emotions and learn to attend strictly to your own affairs, and never, in any way, meddle or interfere with the business of others. Pisces people of both sexes ought to get married and have children. A pleasant, harmonious home of their own is very essential to their happiness.

In amassing wealth you can do it easily if you will be quiet, patient and calm about it; but if you hurry and worry about money, you are apt to be poor--invite poverty. You must learn to become calm, quiet, tranquil, restful and reposeful before the great and wonderful unseen planetary and solar forces can help you. I have surely pointed the way for your success, and I sincerely hope you will be guided by my words.

You must be stubbornly persistent in carrying your projects to a successful end. Men and women of the Aries sign, when they do not fear opposition and are sincerely honest and earnest, become great leaders. The planetary and solar forces which surround you can be of greater help when you are kind, gentle, noble, generous, agreeable and affable. At such times you are very fascinating, charming and exceedingly magnetic and hypnotic. Any man or woman who has magnetism is a grand success in everything. Education, culture and lots of reading will make you a brilliant and charming conversationalist. Knowledge and wisdom are of great importance to you, and you can acquire the same without much difficulty; if you will set your mind with grim determination that you must have knowledge, powers and forces which are yours by birth will help you. We Yogis positively know that the Devas (angels) will help all Aries people who have faith in themselves, and are hopeful, cheerful and courageous. There are no powers in the Universe that can help in the slightest degree anyone who whines, murmurs, complains and broods over troubles or obstacles. There is a way out of every trouble, and the calm, quiet, patient being soon discovers that way and is helped by unseen powers. When the higher or spiritual side of the Aries nature is cultivated, it makes a wonderfully strong character, with extraordinary psychic powers for banishing all ill, sorrows and troubles. You can acquire clairvoyant powers when you can learn to diligently apply yourself to trying to improve your mind and body by thought and study. It is very important that you think highly and live simply. Only do one thing at a time and learn to concentrate and apply your mind to that one thing alone and not scatter and throw away your force on a number of undertakings. Steady application is absolutely necessary in amassing wealth and having perfect health and happiness. It will be of advantage to you to study occult science and metaphysics. Many such works are published, and if you have a strong desire to know about these subjects you will find a way of laying your hands on the right works at the right time. Always remember you can make a grand success in anything you undertake if you so believe at the commencement of the undertaking and persistently hold to that thought until the end. Aries people of a true religious nature, who persistently and silently pray to God for help, light and direction, invariably have their prayers answered.

To counteract this bad and injurious state of mind learn to give forth thoughts of love and kindness to all your fellow beings, and especially learn to love your enemies and those who are more successful than you are. In love affairs you will be a dire failure if you are the least bit jealous. No one can really love or admire anyone tainted the least bit with jealousy. Love is always driven away by jealousy. Moreover, there can be no happiness where there is jealousy. In business matters, envy of others' success is disastrous to one's own success. It should delight you beyond all measure to see everyone succeed, and you should never gloat over the failure of anyone who is competing with you. A great man or woman is always above all envy or all jealousy. Selfishness, anger, intense greed and impatience can also block your way to success. You must always strive to be large and broadminded, liberal, tolerant and not bigoted. These are the men and women of the world who succeed--the broadminded people. Now I tell you emphatically that any Aries person who will be guided by my advice, as given here, can without a question of doubt become perfectly healthy, vigorous and powerful, lovable and charming, and wealthy and happy. Associate all you can with good, wise, educated and successful people, and in conversation do little talking yourself, but a great deal of observation and thinking. This is a rule observed by all who desire to become wise and great. Life and its proper conduct is the greatest problem man has to solve, and we must silently and alone give much thought to it. When you have a very important matter to decide, take plenty of time in arriving at a decision; you should always be in a quiet and calm state of mind in settling important matters. Anger, haste and excitement have caused much failure, much sadness and much sorrow in this world. A happy marriage is a good thing for Aries people of both sexes, and in the selection of a life partner don't be in too great a hurry. If you are married, then continually study and plan to make your home a bright and happy one. If there is not harmony, peace and happiness in your home, the chances are that it is your fault, as Aries people often cause unhappiness by their anger, selfishness and jealousy.

In the first place, you must control your appetites and passions. I know you are generous and like to entertain your friends with good dinners, but don't do too much of it, as you often place them in an embarrassing position, as they are not able to always return your kind and generous favors. Taurus people can amass great fortunes, if they are true to their higher nature, which is to be large-minded, broad and liberal in all they do. It is easier for you to make money than it is to save it. I would advise you to get into the habit of saving a little money regularly for a rainy day; although the true developed Taurus person will see few if any "Rainy Days." You are naturally strong intellectually, and ought to cultivate your mind by wide and extensive reading. Some great writers, public speakers, preachers and lecturers come out of your sign. It does not make much difference what profession or line of work you choose, you will be very successful in it, provided you will put all of your mind, heart and soul into it. In other words, your success depends upon being earnestly enthusiastic over anything you have under way. You are a natural born leader, and must not allow others to dictate to you what to do. Don't be proud, vain or arrogant, or even dictatorial, but go along quietly, carrying out whatever plans you may have in hand, and which seem right to you, without permitting anyone to influence your course of procedure. Your inner self--the true man--will decide better what to do than anyone else can. In love matters, social attainments and leadership, you will excel, providing you will be guided by what I write here. Practice silence and patience, and don't think or talk much about what a great person you are. Realize quietly that you are great, but avoid being egotistical, and then you will be very charming, fascinating, magnetic and hypnotic, drawing to yourself all the good things of the Universe. At all times you must have self-control, and understand if you cannot control yourself, you cannot help or control others, and what is best of all, control and use to your great advantage the good and wonderful planetary forces and solar fluids, which surround all Taurus people. Mildness, gentleness and consideration for others whom you feel are inferior to yourself, will make you a wonderful man or woman. Women of this sign must not be overbearing and dictatorial, but gentle, mild and calm, and then they will wield a tremendous force. Anyone who has not self-control is not reliable, and does not inspire confidence or respect.

Always look upon the opposite sex with pure minds, for overwhelming disaster now and then comes to the Taurus person who is not pure in mind with respect to the opposite sex. Your great force and power is in making your higher nature rule and dominate your lower nature--your brutal instincts. When in a passion Taurus (the Bull) people often rip and tear about with the madness of an infuriated bull. You should always be on your guard to not let your angry passions rise and make you ridiculous to all who see you perform. Anger is very weakening, and always destroys charm of character. No one can love one who gets angry spells. One of the worst faults of the Taurus sign is anger. Many a person can trace misfortune, sickness and even failure to a spell of anger. Madness and anger are the signs of an unbalanced mind; indeed, it is often the sign or forerunner of insanity. Don't be too exacting, arbitrary or domineering, and understand others have rights which must be respected. Naturally, no matter how careful you may be to avoid it, you will have your own way, especially when your way is the right and true way.

Taurus men must not be harsh or cruel to their wives, but kind and loving. If you are a married man, and disobey this command of the Yogis, you will suffer greatly. Woman is the grandest and best being in the world; she is not the weaker vessel, but is by all odds the finest organization in the universe. In India woman stands at the head of creation. Many Hindus worship God--as Mother of mankind--not Father. Woman should command our highest love and highest respect. All Taurus people will find much happiness in marriage, especially if the marriage is blessed with children. Many a man in this sign has reached his highest success after marriage. In love affairs you can be very successful if you will exercise mildness, gentleness and patience. Now remember you can be mighty, great and good, happy and prosperous only when you conquer your lower nature. "The greatest of all conquests is the conquest of self."
There is only one thing for a Gemini person to do, and that is to first realize his dual nature and then go to work with a grim determination to kill the lower or base nature. It can be done, and when accomplished, the Gemini man or woman rises to the very highest success and happiness. You will find you have two minds all the time in intense action; one says do this and the other says do that. You want to travel and you want to stay at home; you want to work like a demon, and you want to be as lazy and indolent as a drone. Always restless, always anxious and apprehensive, and yet at times very calm. This restless, nervous temperament is due to fear and doubt, and must be supplanted by courage and hope and faith. As a matter of fact, there is no person who can do more and achieve greater success than you can if you will only understand how favorably you are born and your great and wonderful forces of the unseen world which are always ready to help you, if you will only give these powers half a chance. You must learn to be moderate and patient, and keep in a calm, quiet, receptive condition, when great and good things will flow to you in abundance. In other words, place all of your trust and confidence in the Great and Wise God who made and rules ALL in this universe. I know you are apt to doubt this truth, but stop a moment and be reasonable--use your fine and great mind. Look about you and observe everything and soberly ask yourself could this world and all that is in it; this great universe, with its countless solar systems and countless worlds; these human beings, of which I am one, happen by chance? By cool and calm observation and reflection you will answer the question by admitting there must be an intelligent head or force back of it all. Now, this Blessed One, of which everything in the universe, especially You are a part, can help you. God is all in all, and is all love, and does not create to destroy. You have absolutely nothing to fear or doubt. All that is necessary for you to do to accomplish all your desires is to have full and unbounded faith in yourself, and then you will be successful.

You can amass great wealth, have perfect health, and permanent happiness the very moment you begin to live in your higher nature. Worry, discontent, complaining and murmuring will keep you in darkness and misery. Improve your mind, study and read much, observe more, and understand knowledge and wisdom brings to man all power and all force and all success and happiness. You must get full control of your desires, appetites and passions, and not be too anxious, too ambitious or too impatient. Learn to not worry, hurry or scurry through life. Do one thing at a time and do that one thing well. Whenever you start any undertaking don't stop until you bring it to an end. Associate with refined and educated people as much as you can, and do not place too high a value on your abilities.

Give to all beings, especially animals, great love, and try to be kind and gentle to everyone. Get a good loving partner as a husband or a wife. Marriage is very beneficial to Gemini people. If you are married, do all you possibly can to make your home a bright and happy one.

Be temperate in all things, especially in eating and drinking, and avoid all foods or drinks which excite or make you restless. Gemini people ought to eat sparingly of flesh or animal foods. Listen to music, attend lectures, churches and public meetings. Read much about successful men and women. The study of metaphysics and the occult sciences is very beneficial to Gemini people. Don't be too sensitive or timid. Remember you are a wonderful being and can accomplish much; that there is no such thing as failure to one born in your sign.

Above all things be truthful and avoid making extravagant statements or narrating exploits in which you were the central figure; in plain English, don't be an egotist. In India many of the great seers, sages, Yogis and adepts came out of this sign. The Gemini person is naturally very magnetic and has wonderful hypnotic and clairvoyant powers. Some of the greatest philosophers and prophets of the world were born in this sign. Be being calm, modest, unaffected, truthful and honest, and striving to do the exact right thing, you will be a very charming and fascinating person and all persons will dearly love and worship you. Look after your faults and correct them, and you will live a long, prosperous and exceedingly happy life.

In the first place, you are naturally restless and nervous, and have a hard time making your friends understand your true nature. It is important that you know all your faults and realize that you must overcome them before you can reach the high degree of success which you can attain, and which belongs to your sign. Really you can become very successful and reach greatness by paying strict attention to what I here tell you. Your propensity is to travel, and it would be an excellent thing if you could engage in some occupation that would require you to be on the go most of the time. But don't travel about chasing rainbows or will-o'-the-wisps. Have a steadfast and earnest purpose in everything you do, and try to acquire much knowledge of the world by reading good books of travel, history and biographical sketches. Learn at once that it is a very bad thing for you to talk about yourself--about the great things you have done or intend doing. Be silent and act, ever remembering that performance and true work speak louder than boastful talk. Don't get discouraged or make yourself miserable because you cannot do all of the great things you see others doing. If you will keep calm and patient you can attract unseen planetary and solar forces which in time will enable you to surpass in accomplishment many of your acquaintances who seem to be ahead of you. Your best plan is to be secretive and work quietly without letting anyone know your plans. "Acts speak louder than words; silence is golden." You must be at the head and not at the tail end of things, and you can accomplish this by quiet thought, careful study and much reading of the lives of successful men and women. Learn all you can and understand that knowledge and wisdom is power. Stick persistently to one kind of occupation and don't fritter and waste your energy and powers by changing from one thing to another. While you are naturally adapted to do many things well, take the advice of one who knows what he is writing about and stick faithfully and persistently to one thing at a time. If you will follow the teachings of Hindu Astrologers, you will never regret it. Under no circumstances tell a lie; be truthful and honest, and you will receive great reward. There is a Great and Loving Ruler of this universe to whom you ought to pray for Light, Love and Direction. Such prayers are always answered. He, the Blessed One, can lead you to all peace and all happiness. The Devas (angels) are ever ready to help you. Have the strongest faith in yourself, for you can succeed and progress and go onward, forward and upward, if you once realize what a great being you are. Cancer people have always furnished the world with great and grand people. Make up your mind that you will be one more of this class. It is in You to be good and great, and you certainly can become so by following Bhakti Seva's advice, as given here.

We Yogis always urge men and women to marry and have children and make happy homes. In all ages through the writings of sages, seers and prophets, God has given the command to His children to marry and perpetuate the races. Any man or woman who does not heed this Divine command is doing wrong. There is nothing that can bring so much success and true happiness into the world as a happy marriage. If you are married, then God bless you, and may you create such a happy home that it will be an example to others to do likewise. In love affairs the Cancer people are very successful when they are sincere and persistent. Laziness, selfishness, vanity, jealousy and dishonesty, are sometimes natural to the Cancer person, and must be overcome before any success or happiness can be had. You ought to dress well, but must not run in debt for fine clothes; every dollar you spend for anything ought to be a dollar that you have earned. Don't let people make you vain, silly and foolish by flattering you; flattery can work you great harm if you listen to it. Don't be fickle or inconstant, because a fickle person is soon known, and no one will place any confidence in such a person. Some women of the Cancer sign are very fickle. Cancer is governed by the Moon, and as this satellite of our planet is changing every month, it accounts for the restless and impatient nature of people born in your sign. You can easily remedy all of your bad tendencies and become very strong and great by holding in your mind all the time an earnest desire to be a better man or a better woman. The planetary forces and the solar fluids will then help you to destroy the influence of the Moon. Besides, Cancer people can get much strength and help from unseen powers if they will only feel and understand that behind all Creation is one Blessed Principle--the Ancient One--the King of all kings--the very God of the universe. Until you can realize this grand truth you will have to struggle and suffer more or less. God can only help those who sincerely desire His help. The study of philosophy, metaphysics and occult science will open your eyes to wonderful truths, and give you powers and forces that will make you successful, magnetic, charming and fascinating.

Magnetic and hypnotic powers will give you force to accomplish much good, and will draw to you wealth, health and happiness. You must bend every energy to be magnetic and charming, because these qualities are yours by birth. By paying the strictest attention to what I advise in this delineation you can swing through this world as a lovable and powerful being, and can avoid all trouble and friction. Put forth of your love freely to all mankind and have only high aims, ever striving to be pure and high thinking. There is nothing that can harm you or retard your progress and growth if you will only hold steadfast to high principles. Learn that silence is great power; that cheerfulness, contentment and patience will bring you much prosperity, much health and much happiness. Never shirk a duty, and work with a high motive, and you will become invincible and can overcome with your mind and will every obstacle in your pathway. Education, culture and refinement can do great things for you. Always remember you were born under very fortunate planetary conditions; that many of the greatest people in the world are Leo people. You have the strength and courage of a lion, and if you are not successful or happy, it is due entirely to your neglect of cultivating and bringing out your wonderful powers. These powers and forces which make for success are always latent in every Leo person, and can only be developed by intelligent exercise of mind and the will. And that reminds me your will power is naturally very strong; but you can add greatly to its strength by continually and persistently holding in your mind high and strong thoughts. Any line of thinking which causes you to be morbid or blue is weakening to your will power, and all worry and apprehension about your success will drive good things away from you. In business, love and money matters you must feel that you will be successful; that there is no possible chance for you to fail, and when you can get into that state of mind your success is as certain and sure as two and two are four. Those of the Leo sign who reach the highest attainments are always of a philosophical turn of mind; they fully realize that it is of the utmost importance for them to take the ups and downs of life without a single murmur or complaint. Learn to take the bitter with the sweet, rain with the sunshine, sorrow with joy, and never whine or grumble at seeming fate or ill-luck. In other words, be grateful and thankful for the many good things in the world. By doing this you strengthen your will power and will easily batter down all obstacles in your way to success and happiness. In love affairs, by being mild, gentle and kind to the being loved, you will in return not only win all of that person's love, but will also command their highest respect and admiration. All Leo people should seek an early marriage. If you are married, your chief aim or object should be to make your home bright and happy by flooding it with all the kindness and love you can command.

In every move you make be absolutely fearless and courageous, always keeping in mind that the highest rewards are only earned by indomitable will, great courage and an entire absence of doubt and fear. The cultivated and educated Leo persons possess clairvoyant and intuitive powers which enable them to foretell and prophesy things that will happen in the future. Many great prophets, seers, sages and wise men and women come out of the sign of Leo. Listening to music, reading good books and magazines and observing and studying successful men and women is of untold advantage to you. You can learn anything that you will apply your mind to, and ought to be handy in mechanical matters. Your possibilities are so great when you correct and remedy your faults that I have taken special pains in this delineation to caution you against faults which will retard your progress and make you unhappy. In no way ever give way to an inclination to be tricky. Always stick to strict truth and don't borrow money, books or anything. Be independent and self-reliant, and you will become a giant of strength and power. If you yield to laziness, indolence, impatience, anger, worry and anxiety you will bring on yourself misery and suffering. Always control your passion for the opposite sex; by not doing this many a Leo person has brought on great misery and trouble. Always have high ideals and try to live a pure and high life; let your higher nature have full sway. Whenever you are troubled or anxious, I would advise you to go off in a quiet spot and all alone try to calm yourself by thinking of the bright side of life. If you can believe in prayer to the Good God, offer up to Him a silent prayer for calm, peace, help and love, and your prayer will be answered. The power of an earnest, sincere prayer for relief is wonderful. By prayer, the Yogis often perform wonderful things, which, to the ignorant and unbelieving, seem like great miracles. As a matter of fact, we say that every force and power in the universe is natural, and can be controlled and directed in natural ways for good. We know there is nothing supernatural in the universe. The great Sun of this solar system governs your sign, and you can attract all of the wonderful solar fluids and currents to your aid by living the higher life. I have suggested here just what you are to do to have perfect health, amass wealth and happiness, and if you heed my teachings you cannot fail.

You can and must excel in everything you undertake; to think of failure is very, very foolish and weakening. Always have hope and courage, and you will draw and attract to yourself wonderful power and force. Fight with strong will and grim determination every obstacle that crosses your path, whether it be sickness, adversity or poverty. You can win every time. You are fully adapted to a business or a professional career, and will be a marked success in whatever calling you select, provided you will kill entirely all low, vulgar and selfish tendencies. Your sign represents the hidden fire of the earth, which means you are an all-powerful, forceful being. Learn at once that order and method in your habits are absolutely essential to your happiness, success and well-being. "Order is heaven's first law." Think and observe much, and order your life so that you will do everything in an orderly, methodical and systematic way. Strive strenuously to fully develop all the good that is in you; give much attention to your higher nature; improve yourself morally, spiritually and intellectually. The only force in this universe is the force of Good--the force of God. A beautiful and happy life can only be attained by aspiring for good--the highest. The study of philosophy, occult science and metaphysics will open your mind to a wealth of happiness you little dream of. Always be generous, kind and loyal. Many excellent scholars and musicians are found in this sign, and we always urge Virgo persons of either sex to study much, read much and give a great deal of time to hearing music. Music is very inspiring and helpful to you, and if you have any inclination to play or sing, don't hesitate in cultivating your taste in this direction. The pronounced faults of the Virgo people are: A too strong desire to rule and dominate over people, seeing the faults of others and not seeing their own weak points; false pride and false ambition; meddling with other people's business and affairs and not attending strictly to their own business; taking drugs and medicines for imaginary diseases and ailments; conceit, vanity and egotism; falsehood, misrepresentation, exaggeration and making extravagant statements about matters and things, especially with regard to their achievements; running in debt for the sake of keeping up appearances. All of these bad qualities are likely to appear in the lower, uneducated and uncultivated persons of this sign, and if you have any or all of these tendencies I advise you to root them out of your being once and for all time, as they will be the millstones around your neck, which will keep you from rising to a superior position. I do not know of a higher or grander character than the highly developed Virgo person; or of a meaner and lower being when this sign lives on the low plane --in ignorance and darkness. So you see it is of the utmost importance for you to cultivate your higher nature, which is always true and grand. With respect to health the Virgo people are naturally healthy persons, and do not need drugs or medicines. Outdoor exercise, lots of air and sunshine will keep you well, strong and vigorous.

In love you will be successful when you learn to not be too critical or exacting. If not married, you will do well to select a life partner who is cheerful and does not look on the dark side of life. If you are married, you can make your home a very happy one by not expecting too much from your wife or husband. Your weak point is seeing faults in others and often a married. Virgo person carries his criticism into his or her married life and sees too many faults in the chosen wife or husband.

Spend much time with nature--in the green fields and woods. Love animals and surround yourself with flowers and domestic pets. If you will be temperate in your eating and don't drug and dose yourself with medicines you can live many years and retain youthful spirits and vigor up to the time you pass on to the other world. The elixir of life is yours if you will only realize that everything in this world is all right and running in perfect order, directed and guided by the Wise One who rules all. You may think you could run this universe better than it is run, but don't attempt it unless you wish to make yourself miserable and destroy your great natural powers and forces. Give yourself a frequent careful examination, looking out for your own bad faults or tendencies, and don't waste any of your time and energy in picking out the flaws in others. In this world the Law is that we find exactly what we look for; if we look for bad, bad will come to us; if we think weakness, failure, poverty and that sort of thing we will certainly get our full share of weakness, failure, poverty, etc. As a man thinks so will he be. Poverty is very galling to Virgo people, and they can never amass money until they live on a high plane; that is to say, as long as they brood, whine, grumble, complain and murmur over their lot just so long they will remain poor and miserable. But, on the other hand, let the Virgo person wake up and cast out all fear and doubt--be up and doing with a cheerful spirit and a high motive, then will he or she have success beyond their fondest hopes. You have everything to live for and can have prosperity and happiness by doing as I suggest.

Your foresight and judgment are excellent, and you could become a successful merchant or business man or woman. In studies you can excel, and if you have an inclination to be a scholar, a writer, a lecturer or educator, I would advise you to follow that bent of your mind. The study of Philosophy or Occult science would interest and benefit you much. Indeed, your success, in a very great measure, depends upon acquiring knowledge of what this life is for; why we are here, where we came from and whence we go. This is a wonderful world, and a wonderful universe, controlled and directed by One wonderful Force. "What is that, knowing which, all can be known?" Your success and happiness depend upon your being energetic, ambitious and striving to know all that can be known. In all your undertakings you must be fearlessly bold and daring, and never worry over losses, troubles or obstacles. The moment you stop to waste any force or energy in fear, doubt or regrets for past actions, that moment you are in danger. Understand that you are a very fortunate person and can always win success if you feel sure you will win before making the attempt. No half-hearted or faint-hearted work will be a success in your hands. You must be enthusiastically in earnest and feel in every fibre of your being that you will succeed in whatever you attempt to do. Many daring and brilliant financiers, stockbrokers, speculators, schemers, promoters and even gamblers, come out of your sign. Gambling never brings happiness, even if success attends it, and I would caution you against this pernicious habit. There are so many good legitimate enterprises in which you could engage with success, that I would urge on you to apply yourself to a good honest calling.

Avoid being too reckless and too daring; there is a golden mean or happy medium between the two extremes of daring and boldness, and fear and timidity, which you should adopt in all of your undertakings. Libra women are more sensible and have better judgment than the men of this sign. In love affairs exercise great care, and don't place your love through low or sensual feelings. Never borrow money, but earn all you spend; be self-reliant and strong, and fight the world by your own strength and power, which, I can assure you, is very strong. The planetary forces and solar fluids will serve you well and good, when you stand out alone and rely on your own abilities.

You ought to give your time to reading philosophical works, and ever hold in your mind to be a good, true, forceful man or woman. Learn to adapt yourself to all conditions of life and not to be disturbed by either adversity or prosperity. When you can be calm and tranquil, no matter what happens, that very moment you become a very powerful being and can work wonders. All the powers and forces of the universe are then yours to use; indeed, you will be helped by unseen powers that you little dream exist. If man only knew of the countless great souls who could help him, he would have more courage than he has. What you attribute to luck is not luck, but the work of unseen intelligent powers who help those who try to help themselves.

Be kind, amiable, pleasant, gentle and generous to all mankind and all animals. The Devas (angels) are always good to those who are good to the brute creation. As long as you do not worry or fret about money you will have plenty of it, and the best plan for you to follow in amassing a fortune is not to think much about money matters, but plunge ahead in an easy, confident way, in any line that is to your fancy, and you will be successful. Always be broad-minded and liberal in your ideas.

Your great fault is impatience, and you must learn to wait. When you can overcome impatience and will let your higher and better mind guide and direct your actions, you will get along better. Persons of your nature ought to dress well, live in good houses and have all the comforts and even the luxuries of life. It hardly ever pays a Libra person to engage in hard and dirty work; because they must be neat and clean. The world always shows favors to neat, trim and clean-looking people, and has no use for a slovenly appearing person. The married people of this sign who have children, and provide good homes for their families, are always very fortunate in their financial undertakings. It is very unwise for a Libra person of either sex to remain unmarried.

I would like you, dear reader, to cultivate your higher and better nature all you can. I dearly love the Libra people, because they are always so fearless, daring, dashing and bold. It is difficult for the world to love or help a timid, cowardly person; one who is weak and afraid and goes about telling tales of woe and misery. Yet the Yogis love the weak and ever strive to put hope and courage into them.

Therefore, it is very important that you read a great deal and acquire all the knowledge you can. It is important that you always maintain a quiet, modest and dignified bearing. It is well for you to be fond of the good things of the world, dress well, and have a comfortable home. In money matters you can amass wealth by steady and persistent endeavor in one line. Always be provident and saving, and put by money for future needs or investments. But don't be stingy, mean or penurious; you can be careful with money and yet spend considerable sums in improving your surroundings; in improving your mind. Much of your leisure time should be given to outdoor exercise, as your health and vigor depends upon lots of pure fresh air and sunshine. Traveling on water, such as an ocean or lake trip, is very beneficial to you, and if you are fond of boating give much of your leisure time to it. Strolling along a river bank, or on the shores of a lake or ocean, will do you much good. Don't get money mad, or let money getting be your only aim, as being too deeply engrossed in the acquiring of riches often with Scorpio people defeats the very end sought. Sometimes a person of this sign will get money mad and break down their health and destroy the vigor and vitality necessary to everyone who amasses money. Don't worry; don't hurry; take it easy. I mean work steadily at something which you like and give more thought to doing your work honestly and thoroughly, and in the best possible manner, than to what money it will bring you. Learn to work and be busy with the idea of the good your work will do rather than with the thought of how much money you can get out of it.

In love affairs you will be successful from the very moment that you can fully control any feelings of anger, jealousy, envy or hatred. Indeed, the worst fault of this sign, and the fault which retards progress and success, is a tendency that you are likely to have to get angry and disturbed if things don't go just as you think they ought to go. For this cause some Scorpio people are not successful in love and business. Be kind, gentle, amiable and polite to all, and all will love you, and your success is assured. By following this advice you will become magnetic, hypnotic, fascinating, charming, and draw and attract to yourself the love of everyone; people will admire you and want to associate with you, and do business with you. This means success. If you are not married, I would advise you to look about and select a good life partner, as marriage will bring you great success and happiness. This advice applies equally to both sexes. And while speaking of marriage let me say, the Hindu Yogis positively know that the man or woman who gets married, no matter what sign they are born in, makes a move which can bring more prosperity and happiness than anything else. We always advocate marriage and the rearing and raising of children. It is the divine command. God intended all of His children to marry and raise children. Countless men and women make life a failure and are very miserable and unhappy, because they have disobeyed God's command about marriage. If you are of a nagging or jealous nature don't think of marriage until you are thoroughly cured of this mean, low and bad habit; there is nothing meaner or lower in our natures than jealousy and its twin brother envy. A jealous or envious person will never be happy; is never loved; always drives people away. Now I want you to overcome all bad tendencies and become a good and true being, and then you can be anything you choose to be. Give some thought to God your Father, and understand that in all history there never was a grand or noble character who did not love God--the Good. When you love God you will not be suspicious or want to scold or find fault with people whom you associate with. The best way to love God is to love all human beings and all animals, and be kind, gentle and considerate of others.

Associate all you can with men and women of success, and carefully study and observe how they order their lives. Read the lives of great and good men and women who have achieved success. Around you all the time are great forces and powers which can help you if you will only heed what I say here. My only interest is the deep love I have for all and my desire to see you get the full benefit of the extraordinarily good planetary and solar conditions under which you were born.

I want you to be successful and happy. The text of all our sermons and writings is "Health, Wealth and Happiness." We try to love the world the same as God does. Naturally you are born for grand achievement. The only things that can retard your progress or be obstacles to your being successful would be tendencies of doubt, fear, morbidness, impatience, dishonesty, a lack of combativeness, a lack of hope and cheerfulness and a lack of generosity. You must study your weak points carefully and try to break yourself of the tendency to quickly get angered or mad with those who do not agree with you. Put your whole force and energy in whatever you undertake and know that you can succeed. You can generally accomplish what you undertake by having the fullest faith and greatest confidence in your ability to succeed. It is  necessary for people of your sign, of either sex, to have unbounded faith, hope and confidence; if you are fearful of success and have any doubts about succeeding in any undertaking you may have in mind, it would be wise for you to abandon it, as the chances are you will not meet with success. Work is essential to your happiness. All people of this sign who are idle or not continually actively engaged in some pursuit are apt to be very miserable. Rely entirely upon your own opinions and don't permit or allow anyone to switch you off or change your mind, as your own judgment about what to do and what not to do is far more valuable than that of friends or acquaintances. People of this sign, both men and women, are adapted to business, and are successful when they apply themselves to one line. Concentrate all of your energy and powers on whatever you have in hand, and do not take up a new undertaking until you carry the present one to a successful end. You will be very powerful and forceful to the extent that you combat and overcome obstacles, especially your faults. [paragraph continues] You are one who does not need to be told much about your faults, as you know them yourself. Therefore, I will not say much about them, but leave you to determine your weak points, and only urge you to fight with persistency to down every low and bad tendency you may have. Your great success and happiness will depend upon how you bring out the good and high qualities which you naturally possess. When these are strong, and dominate your lower nature, you will be a very charming and fascinating person. Then in love, business, social achievements or culture, you will be successful. People will then marvel at your wonderful magnetic and hypnotic powers, which will make you all-powerful in influencing men and women; in attracting and drawing to you people who can be of service to you.

Be ever active in your own affairs, and waste no time or energy in meddling with the affairs of others. People of this sign do many of the great things in the world, and when educated, well read, well informed and cultivated invariably achieve distinction and amass great fortunes. It is well for you in your relations with men and women to be frank and open, and always bright, cheerful and jovial. If there is anything that people dislike it is a blue, grumbling, whining man or woman who, with sorrowful or sad countenance, always has a tale of woe to tell. People who succeed are those who are ever hopeful and cheerful and who are always up and doing--making things happen. And that is just what you must fix in your mind--I WILL make things happen; I WILL succeed; I WILL be happy and joyful; I WILL see only the good and bright things of this world. What this world needs is more cheerful workers, more enterprising men and women, more progressive beings, more courageous and combative people.

If not married, I would advise you to seriously consider the question.

Neatness, order, attention to details, providently laying aside money for emergencies, belong to your sign in a marked degree and are what make so many of the Sagittarius people so wonderfully successful. They generally understand the following words of wisdom uttered by a wise and good man: "The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market. It depends on two words--industry and frugality; that is, waste neither time nor money, but make the best use of both. If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting." Poverty is a curse and must be abolished. The Yogis of India, in a quiet and subtle way, in all of their sermons, lectures and writings, inject suggestions against poverty. We pray constantly that the Minds of men may grasp the true and high way of acquiring money and using it wisely. We claim no great fortunes were ever amassed dishonestly; that to acquire enormous wealth one must be honest and wise--know how to use it wisely after getting it.

"What is that, knowing which, everything else is to be known?" This is the one theme that the Yogi dwells upon, and as thought can by persistent concentration solve the deepest problems, we eventually arrive at the truth of what the real man is, and his purpose here. We find that man's goal is knowledge, wisdom and freedom from all bondage; that he is an Eternal Soul with all possibilities; that he can control all the powers and forces in the universe for his own good; for health, for wealth and happiness. To reach the highest degree of attainment or success he must stop thinking fear, doubt, disease, failure, disaster and that sort of thing. Man, therefore, according to our philosophy, is the greatest being that is in the universe, and this earth the best place, because here is the greatest chance, the only chance to become perfect. So we say always strive to improve your mind, your body, your material wealth and your environment--be cheerful and happy, and let God take care of the rest. When you can learn to think this way you will be the real God-man, and the apparent-man or shadow will vanish forever. You are then at one with the Great One, and all force and power is yours.

Countless angels, or spirits, are ever ready to help the real man--the brave, bold, true and courageous man--and do help him, in a way that it would be hard to explain in a book of this scope and to the ordinary mind. All humanity is being helped all the time by these Great Souls, who do not live in a gross body like ours. To get their best help one must be kind, gentle, calm and free from anger or hatred. That is the reason you will always see that all great men and women have full and complete control of themselves and are invariably mild, kind and gentle people. You have no idea how much good you lose when you lose control of your temper or passion.

MARRIAGE BRINGS SUCCESS.

Look about you and on every hand you will observe that about all the men and women who reach great success have a partner--a wife or husband. God has always commanded man to marry and bring into the world children. In selecting a wife or husband be careful to take a person on the same social plane as yourself.

We know that woman is a finer organization than man, and in India, you never hear the Hindus of culture or refinement ever refer to woman as the "weaker vessel." Man to reach his highest development must look up to woman, the mother of creation, and love her with the highest and purest love, and respect her with the highest respect. No man can become great until he has this respect for woman. Woman is the "finer vessel," and not the "weaker vessel."

DON'T WORRY.

The strong and great man is the calm, cool, collected man who holds his temper, who don't worry or hurry or get rattled, no matter whether things go against him or with him. He is a giant of patience, strength and force. Such a soul has strength and force to do things; to keep itself in the very middle of the current of success, health and happiness; by its magnificence and greatness it attracts all the good elements and forces of the universe to its aid; it aspires to be good and great and inspires all persons with love, admiration and confidence. And right here let me quote a great scientist who says: "If the blood is not right, the brain cannot be, for it can only be nourished by good blood. The chief enemies of the brain are WORRY, which disorganizes the human machinery; SHOCK, which paralyzes the brain. Worry or excitement causes irregular nerve action. We call it confusion of ideas or nervosity. Worry is the worst disease of the age."   

"In trouble to be troubled is to have your trouble doubled." The only way to overcome our troubles is to let them wear themselves out. If you will pay no attention to them they will soon go away. People worry and trouble much over troubles that do not come.

Of the hard and weary loads
   'Neath which we bend and fall,
 The troubles that do not come
   Are the heaviest ones of all.

Our thoughts make us. Thinking trouble brings trouble. Thinking good brings good. We can make our life just what the mind thinks. Therefore, how important it is for all of us to think rightly.

THE SECRET OF WEALTH.

We must first think wealth, and then use the mind to discover the true foundation of wealth. The mind in its search for the cause of wealth will soon discover that well-directed energy--work, is back of all wealth. But along with this energy we must have faith, hope and courage. This is a busy world, and we are living in a wonderful age of big undertakings and great progress. At every hand is to be seen advancement, improvement, progress, growth and expansion. We are continually going forward, onward and upward. Nothing stands still! There is no backward movement! The world is better and busier to-day than it was yesterday, and will be better and busier to-morrow than it is to-day. It is the calm, honest, thorough, thoughtful and busy workers who make this condition of growth and progress; not the worrying, hurrying, fretful, gloomy, morbid, pessimistic minds who persist in looking at things through the wrong end of the telescope. No one will be successful or feel the glorious good times which are here to stay, unless he is hopeful and cheerful, and willing to play the part God has assigned to him.